misc: more on values, while loops and better highlighting (#15)
mun-lang/book: src/ch02-03-control-flow.md

## Control flow

Executing or repeating a block of code only under specific conditions are common
constructs that allow developers to control the flow of execution. Mun provides

>  `if...else` expressions and loops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 `if`/`else` expressions and loops.
```

Optionally, an `else` expression can be added that will be executed when the
condition evaluates to false. You can also have multiple conditions by combining
`if` and `else` in an `else if` expression. For example:

```mun
fn main() {
    let number = 6;
    if number > 10 {
        // The number if larger than 10
    } else if number > 8 {
        // The number is larger than 8 but smaller or equal to 10
    } else if number > 2 {
        // The number is larger than 2 but smaller or equal to 8
    } else {
        // The number is smaller than- or equal to 2.
    }
}
```

#### Using `if` in a `let` statement

The `if` expression can be used on the right side of a `let` statement
just like a block:

```mun
fn main() {
    let condition = true;
    let number = if condition {
        5
    } else {
        6
    };
```

Depending on the condition, the `number` variable will be bound to the value of
the `if` block or the `else` block. This means that both the `if` and `else`
arms need to evaluate to the same type. If the types are mismatched the compiler
will report an error.

### `loop` expressions

A `loop` expression can be used to create an infinite loop. Breaking out of the

> loop is done with the `break` statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
loop is done using the `break` statement.
```

```mun
fn main() {
    let i = 0;
    loop {
        if i > 5 {
            break;
        }

        i += 1;
    }
}
```

> Like an `if`/`else` expression, `loop` blocks can also have a return value which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to `if`/`else` expressions, `loop` blocks can have a return value that
```

> can be returned through the use of a `break` statement. This is valid because
> only through the use of a `break` statement can the loop be exited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be returned through the use of a `break` statement.
```

of the `if` block or the `else` block. This means that both the `if` and `else`
arms need to evaluate to the same type.
If the types are mismatched the compiler will report an error.

### `loop` expressions

A `loop` expression can be used to create an infinite loop. Breaking out of the loop is done with the `break` statement.

```mun
fn main() {
    let i = 0;
    loop {
        if i > 5 {
            break;
        }

        i += 1;
    }
}
```

Like an `if`/`else` expression, `loop` blocks can also have a return value which can be returned through the use of a `break` statement. This is valid because only through the use of a `break` statement can the loop be exited.

```mun
fn count(i: int, n: int) -> int {
    let loop_count = 0;
    loop {
        if i >= n {
            break loop_count;
        }

        loop_count += 1;
    }
}
```

All `break` statements in a `loop` must have the same return type.

```mun
let a = loop {
    break 3;
    break; // expected `int`, found `nothing`
};
```

### `while` expressions

> `while` loops execute a block of code as long as a condition holds. A `while` loop starts with the keyword `while` followed by a condition expression and a block of code to execute upon each iteration. Just like with the `if` expression no parentheses are required around the condition expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`while` loops execute a block of code as long as a condition holds. A `while` loop starts with the keyword `while` followed by a condition expression and a block of code to execute upon each iteration. Just like with the `if` expression, no parentheses are required around the condition expression.
```

```mun
fn main() {
    let i = 0;
    while i <= 5 {
        i += 1;
    }
}
```

A `break` statement inside the `while` loop immediately exits the loop.

> Unlike a `loop` expression, a `break` in a while loop cannot return a value because a while loop can exit both through the use of a `break` statement and because the condition no longer holds. Although we could explicitly return a value from the `while` loop through the use of a `break` statement it is unclear which value should be returned if the loop exists because the condition no longer holds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike a `loop` expression, a `break` in a while loop cannot return a value because a while loop can exit both through the use of a `break` statement and because the condition no longer holds. Although we could explicitly return a value from the `while` loop through the use of a `break` statement it is unclear which value should be returned if the loop exits because the condition no longer holds.
```
